README.md, before:

### Date created
May 14, 2020

### Project Title
Bikeshare data analysis using R- chicago, new york and washington

### Description
Th project was done using R. The data from .csv files were imported. The data was analysed for simple questions
such as the most common hour, day and month of bike rentals in chicago, washinhton and new york. The gender count 
was also obtained for all the cities listed. Comparisons were made to enhance the bike rental management. Male was 
found to rent more bikes than the female according to the data in all the cities.

### Files used
The data files included new_york_city.csv, washington.csv and chicago.csv. These were directly obtained from the
jupyter source from the workspace. The other packages such as the ggplot, read and date were installed directly in r studio.

### Credits
The work was partially inspired by the https://github.com/scientificharsha/Udacity-DA_Nanodegree--US-BikeShare/blob/master/bikeshare.py.
The work was done in python in the reference and was used as a part reference to give an idea to code in R.
Also, stackerflow was used to troubleshoot problems as and when needed.

Commit message:

Give gender count in chicago

README.md, after:

### Date created
May 14, 2020

### Project Title
Bikeshare data analysis using R- chicago, new york and washington

### Description
Th project was done using R. The data from .csv files were imported. The data was analysed for simple questions
such as the most common hour, day and month of bike rentals in chicago, washinhton and new york. The gender count 
was also obtained for all the cities listed. Comparisons were made to enhance the bike rental management. Male was 
found to rent more bikes than the female according to the data in all the cities.The number of male was 5159 males and 1723 females renting bikes in chicago.

### Files used
The data files included new_york_city.csv, washington.csv and chicago.csv. These were directly obtained from the
jupyter source from the workspace. The other packages such as the ggplot, read and date were installed directly in r studio.

### Credits
The work was partially inspired by the https://github.com/scientificharsha/Udacity-DA_Nanodegree--US-BikeShare/blob/master/bikeshare.py.
The work was done in python in the reference and was used as a part reference to give an idea to code in R.
Also, stackerflow was used to troubleshoot problems as and when needed.
